MEDIA RELEASE

Transmission Communications
Brisbane’s Electronic Music Label

PO Box 6291
Fairfield Gardens 
QLD 4103 Australia

Ph: 	+61-(0)7-38465405
Email: 	info@trans.com.au
Web: 	www.trans.com.au

A business of E2 Pty Ltd 
ACN 091 984 628
Dennis Remmer, Director
Anna Petrou, Director

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Transmission Communications – Back With a Vengeance

Transmission Communications (Trans:Com), Brisbane's own fiercely 
independent electronic music label, is set to reemerge. With the 
showcase event “101” scheduled for Saturday 30th June, Trans:Com is 
commencing a new phase of electronica research and development after 
3 years of self-imposed exile. 

After 5 years of debuting and supporting some of the most innovative 
bands and electronic artists in Brisbane and Australia (including Low 
Key Operations and Nude Productions (now Low Key + Nude), Pure Bunk, 
Blood Party, Stormboy, Tycho Brahe, Glitch, Ostia, Sphere, Inertia, 
and many others), Trans:Com took time off to reevaluate and reconcile. 
The machinery of the traditional music industry and a general apathy 
in the local scene forced us into a corner that, in order to continue 
true to our original ideals, required a better way for not only 
ourselves, but our artists and listening public.

Trans:Com mk.II, remaining focussed on inspired electronic music, will 
be based on 2 essential philosophies:

1. Completely virtual operations for independent electronic music 
production, release, and access. This will include new initiatives and 
material, as well as an extensive archive of important Brisbane and 
Australian electronica productions.

2. Ongoing support and development of live Brisbane and Australian 
electronic music through specialised events, artistic endeavours and 
collaboration. 

To this end, several major initiatives are set for the coming months:

- “101” - Trans:Com’s latest electronica showcase is scheduled for 
  Saturday 30th of June 2001 and will be held at the Brisbane 
  Powerhouse, New Farm. The event will present some of the finest 
  electronic music artists in Brisbane and will launch the new phase 
  of activity and releases.
- Trans:Com is re-releasing its existing catalogue at mid-price, with 
  some titles having been unavailable for many years.
- Trans:Com’s online presence is being extended to support full virtual 
  operations, streaming audio, digital download, custom CDs and artwork, 
  and an online community for those interested in exploring the emergent 
  Brisbane electronic music scene.
- The label is making available rare and previously unreleased material 
  through the Trans:Com Archive Series that will be available exclusively 
  online. Initially this will include material from Blood Party, Sphere, 
  Simon Beacon (Glitch), Andy Bagley (Pure Bunk, VISI), and Low Key 
  Operations.

www.trans.com.au - we’ll see you there. 

For more information, interviews or other media access, please contact 
Anna Petrou on 040 400 4103 or email anna@trans.com.au


----------------------------------------------------------------------
